discuss the use of apu/apv in the JWE header of OpenID4VP encrypted responses (#380)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

- `iss`, `exp` and `aud` MUST be omitted in the JWT Claims Set of the JWE, and the processing rules as per [@!JARM] Section 2.4 related to these claims do not apply.
- The processing rules as per [@!JARM] Section 2.4 related to JWS processing MUST be ignored.

Whenever the response is encrypted, the following additional processing directives apply to bind the Verifier's identifier and its respective transaction with the End-User into the JWE:

- The `apu` (Agreement PartyUInfo) header parameter MUST be set to the value of the `nonce` from the Authorization Request.

> - The `apv` (Agreement PartyVInfo) header parameter MUST be set to the value of the `client_id` of the Verifier.

Reviewer: Should we use only `apv` for this, i.e., client_id:nonce? Since it is the recipient info and nonce was provided by the recipient. This would allow us to put other things into `apu` if needed.

> - The `apv` (Agreement PartyVInfo) header parameter MUST be set to the value of the `client_id` of the Verifier.

Reviewer 2: In ISO18013-7 the `apv` is the nonce instead of `apu`, does that make more or less sense?

Author: None of this makes much sense to me, to be honest. Per JWA - apu is information about the producer and apv is information about the recipient. ISO18013-7 has (or so I'm told) mdocGeneratedNonce for apu and nonce for apv which makes a certain amount of sense if you squint at it right. The wallet creates the mdocGeneratedNonce/apu so I guess it's information about the producer while the nonce/apv is generated by the verifier so I guess it's information about the recipient. If you squint at it a different way, it doesn't make any sense at all. I went with nonce as apu because it's about the the transaction or session the producer (Wallet) has with the Verifier and so seemed close enough to being about the producer and there are only two KDF contributing headers and client_id in apv made sense to me as information about the recipient because it's an identifier for the recipient.

That's a lot of words that probably don't make much sense either. 

The upside though, as I said in https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/380#issuecomment-2583266050, is that I don't think any of this is needed or useful.

- `iss`, `exp` and `aud` MUST be omitted in the JWT Claims Set of the JWE, and the processing rules as per [@!JARM] Section 2.4 related to these claims do not apply.
- The processing rules as per [@!JARM] Section 2.4 related to JWS processing MUST be ignored.

> Whenever the response is encrypted, the following additional processing directives apply to JWE. This enables binding response encryption to the Verifier's identifier and its respective transaction with the End-User:
> 
> - The `apu` (Agreement PartyUInfo) header parameter MUST be set to the value of the `nonce` from the Authorization Request.
> - The `apv` (Agreement PartyVInfo) header parameter MUST be set to the value of the `client_id` of the Verifier.
> 
> Note that for the ECDH JWE algorithms (from section 4.6 of [@!RFC7518]), the `apu` and `apv` values are inputs
> into the key derivation process that is used to derive the content encryption key. However, regardless of algorithm used, the values are always part of the AEAD tag computation so will still be bound to the encrypted response.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that for the ECDH JWE algorithms (from section 4.6 of [@!RFC7518]), the `apu` and `apv` values are inputs
into the key derivation process that is used to derive the content encryption key. Regardless of algorithm used, the values are always part of the AEAD tag computation so will still be bound to the encrypted response.

```

Author: That'd be okay by me FWIW

   -24

>    * Mandate the use of apu/apv in the JWE header of encrypted responses

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * add a note on the use of apu/apv in the JWE header of encrypted responses
```
also needs to be moved to -25
